Hello everyone and welcome to this lecture.
This lecture we're going to discuss in a little bit more details.
What do you mean by supervised learning unsupervised learning and reinforcement learning.
All right let's get started.
So as we mentioned earlier in the previous lectures that supervised learning mainly used training use
training algorithms.
OK.
Based on label data based on labelled input and output.
Let's take a look at an example.
Let's assume that we wanted to use supervised learning OK to train a model and that model will simply
gonna categorize you know we're going to field certain images and we're going to categorize these images
into let's say teeshirt trouser pullover dress code sandal shirts niekro a bag an ankle boot.
So simply put we have our what we call it extreme which is our training dealer which is our input to
the model and that's our what we call it white tree which is the output of the model.
Again it's like teaching a kid when you see this image of let's say it's NACAR then assume that the
output you know that the true label is niekro.
OK.
Basically another image if we for example saw that image you are teaching the kids when you see this.
That means it's an ankle boot.
All right.
One more image.
If you see this image if you see it's a t-shirt that means that's belongs to the label class t-shirt.
If you see this that means it's a bag and so on.
And that's how we actually performed the training in a supervised fashion.
You basically have label data that you know as we mentioned here and we will mention these are the kind
of the labels that we're referring to the data structure that the dealers organize and the dealer is
labelled Okay.
And then you can feed all that training data exchange and ytn you know like tons of them tons of these
images to the model in a supervised fashion.
And the modern dern's that when you sees for example any new image of a t-shirt for instance the model
will learn moving forward.
And that's how we do it in a supervised fashion.
Right.
And then we can assess the performance of the network.
Okay.
By comparing the predictions of the model compared to the two label.
Why.
Because we know the truth since we know the truth.
We can compare the performance of it to our predictions coming out of our models are they.
The next category of learning or machine learning is all of the unsupervised learning here.
We don't have labels.
We just have input data.
We just have a bunch of pictures.
We just have a bunch of images.
Okay so we don't have Lieben data.
And what happened is the algorithm attempts at discovering hidden patterns within the chindit so the
algorithm would go in there and try to find maybe categorize it.
Unsupervised learning is zeni particle.
Why.
Because we don't need to have a label date providing label data is actually very expensive process.
Just imagine for example going to Google and try let's say to categorize images let's say cats or dogs
in two different categories and assigning labels to each of them.
That's like you know like a daunting task.
You know he was takin it say you know 10000 images or maybe 100000 images and so on for the unsupervised
learning week it can be used to analyze complex data set that humans might find difficult to interpret.
OK.
And obviously there's no feedback why because we don't know the truth.
We don't know the the truth because we don't have labels.
Right.
Let's take a look at an example.
Let's assume that we have our input there and our input data consist of let's say red stars let's say
Green for example.
Circles you know bluish tangles and so on.
And the data here it's just so much that humans you know is having it very difficult to actually interpret
the data.
We feed that data to the model and it's very important here to realize that there are there is no labels.
Is the overall idea where it comes to unsupervised learning.
The more than simply will learn on its own.
We say okay maybe these categories okay these like you know like like purple colour you know like maybe
crosses are classified in a specific cluster.
The first cluster and then maybe ludic feingold's or another cluster maybe green circles in another
cluster and you know a red star is another cluster and that's how we do what we call a deed clustering
a within unsupervised fashion on supervised learning.
OK.
All right.
The last category will quality enforcement learning and reinforcement learning is actually one of the
hardest kind of topics now in machine learning and learning in general.
Why.
Because we can use it to simply you know like like like teach the machine to do you know like tasks
at a much much better rate or much even better performance compared to humans which is fascinating.
So reinforcement learning allows machine to take actions to maximize or cumulatively war.
And then we we discuss that example before in the past in the previous lectures booklets to discover
it again.
Let's assume that we have our environment which let's say our room in here and we say put a kid for
example in this room and in this room we have let's say kendel and we have let's say you know like a
milk for example model N we asking the Asian to kind of learn in the environment just like we'll get
what we going to do with get to maximize the reward.
So.
And you know like so the kid we're going to give him points if he discovers the environment in a correct
fashion we're going to penalize that kid if we discover the environment in a wrong fashion.
So the kids will start learning Okay.
So we're going to say for example go ahead to that milk bottle and let's say touch it.
So found it safe and maybe start drinking from it.
Maybe he feels good and then the reward will be let's say plus 10 points.
We're going to give give that kid 10 points.
So moving forward as we go ahead that kid knows that.
Okay.
Now I can actually if I do this I'm going to get more points and that's how we do what we say we can
maximize the cumulatively Ward.
That's what we meant by if the kid for example went in there and let's say pictures for example like
a candle.
OK.
He would get minus 10 points here we get penalized.
And that's kind of you know all a car.
So he would not moving forward.
OK.
I should not touch that candle flame ever again.
Why.
Because has been penalized.
Right.
So it has been you know kind of impacting or just impacting the costs of for him or is just again impacting
that awarded for it.
And that's the overall idea that the information algorithms learned through trial and error through
Colorado awarded and penalty to import and kind of you know naming conventions we call of the environment
which is like say the room here that the kid is within and we have all the learning agent which is the
kid in this case.
OK.
And again based on the award of penalty Asian improves it's environment knowledge to take or make better
decisions.
And again you know we think of the agent lipsey robot and Elliotts environment and that's what we do.
You know we give you know that lesion is rewarded.
And you know like the agent we're going to start taking actions within the environment.
When you say thinking actions for example touching you know let's say that you know fire or whatever
and you know they're drinking from their milk bottle for example.
All right let's recap what we have discussed so far.
So here in this lecture that we cover supervised learning which is when we have label data input data
we have there's an update and we started teaching the model in a supervised fashion.
We discussed what do you mean what you mean by unsupervised learning which is when we have input data
in order to squashers what we don't know like we don't have labels for it.
OK.
And the machine on its own tried to categorize them in two different klosters and that's what we call
it unsupervised learning.
And the third category is reinforcement learning when we try to maximize or pick actions to maximize
cumulative reward by for example getting more points when you know when you do something wrong when
you do something right and penalize the agent when they do something wrong.
All right.
In the next lecture we're going to dig a little bit deeper into what do you mean by deep learning.
We just kind of a very buzz word that has been you know common nowadays.
And I'm going to learn as well what are the different categories what are different techniques when
it comes to supervise unsupervised and deplaning.
I hope it doesn't do their lectures and see you in the next lecture.